README.md, before:

# Pointing Dual Solution Paradigm
PointingDSP is an open-source project initially developed for the Hegarty Spatial Thinking Lab at the University of California, Santa Barbara, designed to facilitate research on spatial reasoning through an interactive maze-navigation task.

The most up-to-date build of the study may be found under 'Build & Patch History/', which contains the setup for conducting the original study (refer to "Original Gamemodes & Objectives" for details). Download of the entire repository for the source code is only necessary for those interested in modifying or expanding the study (see "Source Code & Unity Asset Store Policy" for instructions on how to rebuild the project).

# Original Gamemodes & Objectives
The study supports three different gameplay modes:
- Desktop Mode: Standard first-person controls with keyboard and mouse.
- Virtualizer Mode: Compatible with the Cyberith Virtualizer Omnidirectional Treadmill.
- Roomscale VR Mode: Standard room-scale virtual reality.

Each mode logs participant data, with VR modes capturing additional details, such as eye-tracking data. 

For VR modes, an opening/title stage exists to provide participants time to acclimate to a VR environment, and optionally for the test administrator to adjust study parameters. While in the study, participants progress through the following stages:
- Training Stage: Participants familiarize themselves with the controls of their respective mode.
- Learning Stage: Participants navigate a maze circuit to learn its layout.
- Retracing Stage: Participants retrace the exact path they took during the Learning Stage.
- Pointing Stage: Participants are presented with randomized trials and must indicate the direction of a prompted object.
- Wayfinding Stage: Participants navigate randomized trials to locate the prompted objects.

# Presets and Map Creation
A wide array of parameters and settings can be adjusted and saved as presets, allowing for flexible customization of the study's style and structure.
Additionally, PointingDSP offers tools for creating custom maps, a hybrid build featuring a sandbox-like voxel engine supporting everything from custom block types to custom trial lists and the importing of 3D models in real-time.

# Source Code & Unity Asset Store Policy
In adherence with the Unity Asset Store Terms of Service, which prohibits the redistribution of Store assets, several Package Manager Assets and Asset Store Plugins have not been included in this open-source build. As such, the project does not compile immediately upon download. Perform the following steps if you wish to reconstruct the project:

1) Install the following assets:
    - From Window > Asset Store:
        - Quick Outline
        - SteamVR Plugin
		
    - After installing all assets, restart the editor. Ensure that the project does not enter safe mode so that the following steps may be performed.

2) Configure the above assets and other dependencies:
	- Set XR to be initialized on startup via Edit > Project Settings > XR Plug-in Management > Initialize XR on Startup. Also ensure that "OpenVR Loader" and "OpenXR" are checkmarked.
	- Initialize the SteamVR Input system via Window > SteamVR Input by clicking "Save and generate".

If any errors with dependencies are spotted at this point, run Assets > Reimport All.

# Attribution
This project is licensed under the Apache License 2.0. 

You are free to use, modify, and distribute this software, but you **must credit me via attribution**. Failure to do so will be a violation of this license. 
And, while not legally required, I kindly request that said credit be given in a prominent manner (e.g., including the author's name in the project's documentation or credits screen).

Commit message:

Added Video Links to README

README.md, after:

# Pointing Dual Solution Paradigm
*A video demonstration of the wayfinding segment on desktop, with the Nearsight and Pointsearch (combined pointing and wayfinding stages) presets enabled. For a demonstration of the map creation tool, see Presets and Map Creation*
[![Pointsearch demo](https://github.com/WilliamOu/PointingDSP/raw/main/Media/Pointsearch.png)](https://youtu.be/r7cEJuk2qiU)

PointingDSP is an open-source project initially developed for the Hegarty Spatial Thinking Lab at the University of California, Santa Barbara, designed to facilitate research on spatial reasoning through an interactive maze-navigation task.

The most up-to-date build of the study may be found under 'Build & Patch History/', which contains the setup for conducting the original study (refer to "Original Gamemodes & Objectives" for details). Download of the entire repository for the source code is only necessary for those interested in modifying or expanding the study (see "Source Code & Unity Asset Store Policy" for instructions on how to rebuild the project).

# Original Gamemodes & Objectives
The study supports three different gameplay modes:
- Desktop Mode: Standard first-person controls with keyboard and mouse.
- Virtualizer Mode: Compatible with the Cyberith Virtualizer Omnidirectional Treadmill.
- Roomscale VR Mode: Standard room-scale virtual reality.

Each mode logs participant data, with VR modes capturing additional details, such as eye-tracking data. 

For VR modes, an opening/title stage exists to provide participants time to acclimate to a VR environment, and optionally for the test administrator to adjust study parameters. While in the study, participants progress through the following stages:
- Training Stage: Participants familiarize themselves with the controls of their respective mode.
- Learning Stage: Participants navigate a maze circuit to learn its layout.
- Retracing Stage: Participants retrace the exact path they took during the Learning Stage.
- Pointing Stage: Participants are presented with randomized trials and must indicate the direction of a prompted object.
- Wayfinding Stage: Participants navigate randomized trials to locate the prompted objects.

# Presets and Map Creation
*A video demonstration recreating the default map in the map creation tool*
[![Map Creation demo](https://github.com/WilliamOu/PointingDSP/raw/main/Media/MapCreation.png)](https://youtu.be/ukaUpcfEQo4)
A wide array of parameters and settings can be adjusted and saved as presets, allowing for flexible customization of the study's style and structure.
Additionally, PointingDSP offers tools for creating custom maps, a hybrid build featuring a sandbox-like voxel engine supporting everything from custom block types to custom trial lists and the importing of 3D models in real-time.

# Source Code & Unity Asset Store Policy
In adherence with the Unity Asset Store Terms of Service, which prohibits the redistribution of Store assets, several Package Manager Assets and Asset Store Plugins have not been included in this open-source build. As such, the project does not compile immediately upon download. Perform the following steps if you wish to reconstruct the project:

1) Install the following assets:
    - From Window > Asset Store:
        - Quick Outline
        - SteamVR Plugin
		
    - After installing all assets, restart the editor. Ensure that the project does not enter safe mode so that the following steps may be performed.

2) Configure the above assets and other dependencies:
	- Set XR to be initialized on startup via Edit > Project Settings > XR Plug-in Management > Initialize XR on Startup. Also ensure that "OpenVR Loader" and "OpenXR" are checkmarked.
	- Initialize the SteamVR Input system via Window > SteamVR Input by clicking "Save and generate".

If any errors with dependencies are spotted at this point, run Assets > Reimport All.

# Attribution
This project is licensed under the Apache License 2.0. 

You are free to use, modify, and distribute this software, but you **must credit me via attribution**. Failure to do so will be a violation of this license. 
And, while not legally required, I kindly request that said credit be given in a prominent manner (e.g., including the author's name in the project's documentation or credits screen).
